Game Dialogue

Top Floor (Children’s Ward)

You slowly wake up, wearily opening your eyes, only to be greeted with a piercing headache that causes you to clutch your head. After a moment you’re able to regain your senses and look around at your surroundings. The first things you can pick out is that you are in a room in what seems to be an old hospital bed from the old pieces of equipment that lay abandoned nearby. With a groan you slowly pull yourself out of the bed as you stand up. You try hard to think back to how you could have possibly ended up here, but all your mind does is draw blanks repeatedly. You frown, its as if your mind has been wiped clean. You can’t remember anything… After a moment you decide that you need to get the hell out of this place, with a quick glance through the small gaps of the boarded up window you can discern that you are at the top floor of this building. You head over to the door and with one last glance at the room you open the door and step out…

[clear]

As you step out of the room you are immediately met with a musky smell of rotting wood and the chill of an abandoned building. As you check your surroundings you notice a locked room ahead of you with the door boarded up, to the left of that is a room with the door slightly ajar. You glance down the long corridor that you are situated in, from the glance you can see what seems to be the nurse station and reception for this floor. There is also a room directly to your left which doesn’t seem to be locked either. There seems to be more further down but you would need to head down the corridor to see it more clearly in the dim light.

[clear]

Toy Room

You walk over and enter the room across from you, inside you are met with a creepy sight. Countless damaged dolls stare back at you with lifeless eyes, all of them in different stages of decay and wear and tear. Suppressing a shiver you walk further inside and glance around. What will you do? Search the room more closely or leave?

As you begin to sift through all the toys, trying to find something of use to you. You finally come across something out of place, you reach down back behind the hoard of toys causing your hand to disrupt spider webs. You finally grab what you found, withdrawing your hand you find a pair of shoes that happen to be a perfect fit for you! You slip the shoes on as you would rather wear shoes than walk around barefooted. After this you leave the room.

[clear]


Baby Room
 

You walk and enter the room just next to the one you woke up inside. Upon entering the room you immediately have your eyes drawn to the countless cots that lined the room in what seemed used to be organised neatly. Now some of the cots were broken or had been knocked over and out of place. Just like the other rooms this room had its windows boarded up but you couldn’t pick out anything else out of place. Do you leave the room or search it further?

[clear]

Walk further down the corridor

You walk down the corridor, making sure to pay close attention to anything of note. You near the reception area as you notice two more rooms, the one to your right is locked up with more boards but the one to your left seems unlocked. You walk past it to see what is behind the Reception and you come out into a clearing. You’re now able to make out a broken elevator and what seems to be stairs in the corner of the area. However a glint of light makes you pause as you look at the ground leading up to the stairs, it is covered in shards of glass that would without a doubt hurt someone who would walk over it barefoot. 

[clear]

Children’s ward

You enter the room to your left and walk inside. You’re met with the sights of small beds with hospital equipment lining the walls of the room, frowning you walk to the center of the room. Something about this room feels odd to you yet extremely familiar to you. What do you do? Search the room or leave?

As you walk down past the beds, searching for anything. You find yourself drawn towards the bed at the far end of the room, tucked away in the corner. As you approach the bed you spot what seems to be a vase of flowers, still in perfect condition as if someone had been tending to them. You stand by the bed and look down at it, suddenly a sharp pain appears in your head as you clutch it. You can make out a quiet voice of what seems to be a young girl, images flash in your mind of a smiling girl laying in her hospital bed. Slowly you regain your senses, drawing your attention back to the present. You are unsure of what to make of this new discovery, but your plans remain unchanged. You still need to escape.

[clear]



Reception/Doctor’s Office

You find the door to the Reception area locked but you are able to glance inside the room through the open window. Looking inside you don’t see anything of worthy note so you decide to move on.

[clear]

Walking over the glass

Shoe’s version

You are able to walk over the top of the glass safely due to your newly acquired shoes. The glass cracks and crackles beneath your heel as you walk, eventually you reach the stairs. You grab the handle of the door and look back. 

No Shoe’s version

You bite down hard on your lip as you delicately walk over the glass, the razor sharp pieces of glass cutting into the soles of your feet. You try to be as quick as possible to decrease the time you spend on the glass, eventually you reach the stairs letting out a sigh of relief. You wince as you glance down, your feet are covered in a multitude of small cuts that let out streams of blood. You really need to treat that soon, turning back to the door you open it and head down the stairs.

(Make them unable to return due to them having to injure themselves further)

Second Floor (Surgery)

As you walk down the stairs you come across a sign, on the sign was crewdly written handwriting that had the message.

“In order to escape this place you need to find this item. This item is a key. Without finding this key then you will not be able to escape, so take care to search all of the floors!”








Initial View of Second Floor

As you come out of the stairs the first things that you can see is a couple of rooms directly across from you, though one of them seems to be blocked off. To the left there is a block of what seems to be toilets that take up the center of the floor. Directly next to you is another room, however you are unable to tell what is in the room from your current position. To your right you can see the broken elevator.
[clear]

Development Room

You walk over to the room opposite of you that isn’t boarded up and open up the door, upon walking inside it is clear what purpose this room serves. The room is dimly lit and placed up on the wall are various x-rays showing off what seems to be the same body, it's hard to see much else due to the dim lighting.

Upon investigating the room closer, you find out that the x-rays are labelled with the same name. Upon reading the name you grunt as you clutch your head as memories of a middle aged man appear. The man appears frustrated as he talks to you, the memory fades to black as you see the man recoil in what seems to be fear. As the memory clears, you are finally able to regain your senses. As you shake your head you frown, taking one more glance around the room you see nothing of interest and head for the door.

[clear]

Toilet

As you approach what seems to be the toilets you are met with a disgusting smell, causing you to wrinkle your nose in disgust. Despite this you keep the signs warning in mind and you soldier on, entering the toilets. As you enter the room you can immediately detect where the smell is coming from. Most of the stalls have had their walls torn off or broken into pieces, which granted you with the view of all the toilets. One of the toilets at the end had broken and was leaking sewage into a small puddle around it. The sinks clearly haven’t been used in a while as they are rusted over, whilst the mirrors are smashed and cracked in places.

You begin to search the room more closely, as you walk down the remains of the stalls you peer in carefully into each of the toilets. After nearly losing hope of not finding anything you finally reach the second last toilet next to the broken one, upon closer inspection you find an old flashlight laying at the bottom of the dry toilet. You gulp as you slowly reach inside of the toilet, being careful not to touch the filthy sides of the bowl. You finally grab the torch and hastily withdraw your hand. You test the torch and smile when you see the light flicker on after a moment. You double check the room finding nothing else of note so you leave the room.

[clear]

Walking around the corner

As you walk around the corner and follow the wall of the room you discover another large room down the end of the floor, by the looks of the sign above the double doors its appears to be the main surgery amphitheater. To your left you find out that the other room is a waiting area for patients or relatives of patients. 









